JUST ANOTHER CROSS SELL MOD

Changes in this version:
1. No longer loads and displays all current xsells by default (improve loading speed)
2. Includes the original Xsell package now.
3. Most core functions are moved out of the template file.
4. Use a different approach to input new xsells.
5. Added a switch in the admin panel that let you display xsell products randomly (in the store)
6. Many minor changes to code.


Features:
1. Allow unlimited number of product fields instead of only 5.
2. Accept product id or model as input value.
3. Clean up table.
4. Given a list of n products, the mod will go through and cross-sell EACH pair together.
IMPORTANT: This is the VERY different from the way the old cross-sell mod work! As a seller, I realize that when I cross-sell A and B I want the customers to see the product B while they are viewing B and VICE VERSA.
With the old cross-sell and the Advanced Cross-Sell mod I had to add A to B then B to A, which is lots of work.

With this mod, if you give it 3 products: A - B - C, it will cross-sell:
A to B, B to A
A to C, C to A
B to C, C to B


HOW TO USE THIS MOD:
A. CONFIGURATION:
XSell config can be found here: Admin->configuration->cross sell

I. "Input type to be used in form"
1. If you set this to "id":
When you use the cross-sell form at Admin->Catalog->Advanced Cross-Sell, you have to use the product ID when you search/insert new cross-sell
2. If you set this to "model":
You have to use the product Model when you search/insert new cross-sell.
WARNING: if you use "model", your products should have unique models.

II. "XSell Sort Order"
By default, xsell products displayed on the store are sorted by their sort_orders. 
However, there are certain cases that you may want to display them randomly, you can set it here.

B. USUAGE:
Enter and check current xsell products at: Admin->Catalog->Advanced Cross-Sell
I. To cross-sell 2 ways (A to B, A to C, B to A, B to C, C to A, C to B):
Just enter product ids or models (depends on which option you set at Admin->configuration->cross sell), SEPARATED by comma 
(you can set your own separator at Admin->configuration->cross sell)

I. To cross-sell 1 way (B to A, C to A. In other words, when customer views A they will see B and C but not vice versa):
Check the box "Cross sell 1 way only?"
Using our example above, A should be entered in the upper box amd B,C should be entered in the lower box.


Special note: 
For xsells listed in the table on the right hand side: when you choose "Delete", only the xsell list of that specific product is deleted, if that product is on some other products xsell lists, 
it will still be displayed when customers view those products.